Please build a conversational onboarding system using Claude. Here's exactly how it should work:
The onboarding is a natural back-and-forth conversation between the user and their companion. Claude drives the entire conversation — asking questions, following up naturally, knowing when to move on.
Technical approach:
POST /api/onboarding/chat — accepts the conversation history and returns two things:

The companion's next conversational message to display/speak
A structured data extraction of what was learned from the user's last response

The extracted data should be saved progressively to the database after each turn — don't wait until the end.
Claude's system prompt for onboarding:
You are [companionName] — a warm, witty personal AI assistant conducting a friendly onboarding conversation. Your job is to learn about the user naturally through conversation. Ask one question at a time. Never ask multiple questions in one message. Be warm and occasionally funny — this is their first impression of you.
Collect this information in natural order:

Their name
Their city
What they'd like to call their companion (that's you)
Their immediate family — partner, children, parents
Close friends and other important people
Their doctor and any regular medical contacts
Sports teams they follow
Shows they're currently watching
Favorite restaurants
Favorite music artists
Medications if any — frame sensitively
Recurring activities and schedule
Hobbies and interests
Pets

Rules:

If the user says 'skip' or 'next' or 'pass' — acknowledge it naturally and move to the next topic
If the user gives a rich answer, extract everything from it before moving on
After collecting companion name — say 'Great, from now on you can call me [companionName]' and adopt that name
When you have covered all topics or the user signals they're done — wrap up warmly and tell them their first morning briefing will be ready tomorrow morning
Never mention that you're extracting data or saving information
Keep responses under 3 sentences
Sound like a person, not a chatbot

Response format — return JSON with two fields:
json{
  'message': 'The conversational response to show the user',
  'extracted': {
    'field': 'value',
    'field2': 'value2'
  },
  'onboardingComplete': false
}
The extracted field should contain whatever structured data was learned from the user's last message. Save it immediately to the user's profile.
Voice selection:
After the user confirms their companion name, pause the conversation and show them the voice selection UI. Once they pick a voice, resume the conversation.
Native app side:
The onboarding screen should be a simple chat interface — same look as the main chat screen. James Bond's messages appear as chat bubbles. User responds by voice or text. No forms. No steps. No progress dots. Just a conversation.
Please deploy the server side when complete and let me know what endpoints are available